#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
automat==25.4.16
    # via twisted
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
constantly==23.10.4
    # via twisted
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   scrapy
    #   service-identity
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   scrapy
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.19.1
    # via tldextract
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.36.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-logging==3.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via playwright
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via twisted
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
incremental==24.7.2
    # via twisted
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
itemadapter==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   itemloaders
    #   scrapy
itemloaders==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via nbconvert
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   itemloaders
    #   parsel
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via nbclient
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
lxml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via -r requirements.in
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
opentelemetry-api==1.36.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   nbconvert
    #   parsel
    #   pytest
    #   scrapy
pandas==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parsel==1.10.0
    # via
    #   itemloaders
    #   scrapy
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via jupyter-core
playwright==1.54.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy-playwright
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
protego==0.5.0
    # via scrapy
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydispatcher==2.0.7
    # via scrapy
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
pytest==8.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyzmq==27.0.2
    # via jupyter-client
queuelib==1.8.0
    # via scrapy
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   requests-file
    #   tldextract
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via tldextract
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
scrapy==2.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy-playwright
scrapy-playwright==0.0.44
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==24.2.0
    # via scrapy
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tldextract==5.3.0
    # via scrapy
tornado==6.5.2
    # via jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
twisted==25.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scrapy
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   pyee
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
    #   twisted
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
w3lib==2.3.1
    # via
    #   parsel
    #   scrapy
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   scrapy
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
